## Denis Gallo (194441) | denis.gallo@studenti.unitn.it
My heroku server: http://assignment3-denisgallo.herokuapp.com/people?wsdl  
My github repositories:  
https://github.com/DenisGallo/introsde-2017-assignment-3-server  
https://github.com/DenisGallo/introsde-2017-assignment-3-client  
I worked with Mattia Buffa.  
Heroku server: https://server-as3.herokuapp.com/people?wsdl  
His github repositories:  
https://github.com/CommanderBuffin/introsde-2017-assignment-3-server  
https://github.com/CommanderBuffin/introsde-2017-assignment-3-client  

## Project

### Description of the code
The package of the server project is **introsde.assignment3.soap**.  
In the **endpoint** package there is 1 application class to run the project locally on a standalone http server. In the **dao** package there is the good-old LifeCoachDao, who keeps the connections and persistence alive. The database operations were not implement here but in the model classes. All basic database operations were implemented for every model (even if the names in the code might be copy-pasted and not very beautyful): getAll(), save(), update(), remove().  
In the **model** package 3 models were created to run this assignment: person, activity and activity type. One person can have more activites and one activitytype can have more activities. The main difference between this assignment and the second one is a "rating" parameter in activity.
In **ws** there is the interface that expose the web service methods available on the server: "people.java". PeopleImpl is the class that implements each method of the interface. Only the specified tasks were implemented and tested, so it's pretty easy to break the server by sending requests other than those.  
The database used is in the main folder of the project, named **people.sqlite**.

### Description of the tasks
The server is able to execute all the 12 (+ init) requests specified on the assignment website.  
On method 4 and 9, you don't need to add an id to create people or activities, it will be autogenerated. Even if you put an id, it will not be considered.
Method 6 and 8 have the same name in the assignment page, i renamed those to ReadPersonPreferences1 and ReadPersonPreferences2.
The evaluation of method 11 is possible only through that method. Trying to modify or evaluate an activity with the method 9 or 10 will not have any effect.

## Execution
The server is currently running on heroku, you can check the wsdl file on http://assignment3-denisgallo.herokuapp.com/people?wsdl.
The server should run fine 24/7 and it shouldn't break after coming up from sleep. If the server breaks, just contact me and i restart the dynos (fixing the problem).

## Additional Notes
All of my tests went fine on the server and the client of my partner is running perfectly, if there is some kind of problem, just contact me, maybe we interpreted something wrong.